Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You froze.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see you moving
THE QUEENS LG: Oh, there you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
THE QUEENS LG: Good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. How are things going for you.
Pretty good.
THE QUEENS LG: What's happening. Oh, I went and visited some friends this week from. Well, it was my she was my best friend and but she passed away like three years ago, and we were at a birthday party. And I saw
THE QUEENS LG: We were at a casino for a lunch thing and anyways I saw her daughter there which blew me away because she was like two hours.
THE QUEENS LG: So, but anyways I wouldn't spend some time with her.
THE QUEENS LG: The daughter, that was fun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, where'd you guys do.
THE QUEENS LG: And just talk really, I wouldn't seen the my friends X has or whatever and just talk set watch TV and talk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's good.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, it was fun.
THE QUEENS LG: I haven't seen him in like probably 15 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: I was scheduled to go visit her three years ago, like within two weeks I was leaving, and maybe not even that long and but she passed away like
It was weird.
THE QUEENS LG: She was like,
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, we were pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry to hear that. Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: But anyways, that was fun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: Finally, dealt with that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yeah, that takes time.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, well it you know it didn't really dawn on me until I saw her daughter, you know, and then I'm in the casino ball. And I'm like, because I was fine when I was talking to her, but as soon as I walked away tears. I was like what the heck yeah so
THE QUEENS LG: But I got over not like over it, but I dealt with it, whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, so that's what I've been doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what how things have been going for your recovery.
THE QUEENS LG: I'm
THE QUEENS LG: The same. I'm just the same.
THE QUEENS LG: Good, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you mean
THE QUEENS LG: Oh,
THE QUEENS LG: Well, I don't have my my issue was filled so I don't have trouble with that.
THE QUEENS LG: I thought I would actually, my friend, the one that passed away, she was the one that I used to be filled with
THE QUEENS LG: I guess her daughter still doesn't stuff. I tried to get them on the program.
THE QUEENS LG: Dinner all the information for today. So maybe she'll call. I don't know that probably would be nice if she did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. So are you planning on staying connected with her.
THE QUEENS LG: Oh yeah, yeah, probably. Are you know i mean she like her kids were like my kids and my kids were like her kids and I mean we were close. We used to see each other every single day and
THE QUEENS LG: Then I moved away and then, you know, we kind of lost contact for a couple years. And then, oh this is wonderful. My third ex husband is her husband's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The pros again.
THE QUEENS LG: Live I Go Again Nokia
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I lost you at the point where you said your third ex husband is her
THE QUEENS LG: Husband's best friend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
THE QUEENS LG: So yeah, I guess he had just talked to him on the phone like the day before I went over there and I'm like, oh my god, cuz him. I don't want to see him. I haven't seen him since we split up. And yeah, I still don't want to see him.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, he was weird weird weird ex husband.
THE QUEENS LG: Funny how you know you can live with somebody for almost eight years and not know that they like to wear your clothes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: couldn't figure out why everything was all stressed out, you know,
THE QUEENS LG: He's so he's what I don't want to see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so tell me what else is going good in your life right now.
THE QUEENS LG: Everything, really. I mean, just stay in here and just doing what I do clean cleaning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cleaning
THE QUEENS LG: I don't really go anywhere. I mean, aside from going and hanging out with them. That's like all I've done in the last four months, really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Since you as I, how long you been sober.
THE QUEENS LG: Oh no, I've been sober for over three years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For a long time.
THE QUEENS LG: Off of pills. I mean, I still eat every now and then, but
THE QUEENS LG: And I do I take these little I was gonna reach for it, but I take these little THC.
THE QUEENS LG: And CBD shoe things
THE QUEENS LG: But I only take like one milligram
THE QUEENS LG: And it helps me with my anxiety because I used to take Xanax, but I don't take that
THE QUEENS LG: They won't give it to me.
THE QUEENS LG: And I have panic disorder. I was born.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And doesn't help with that.
Oh, yes.
THE QUEENS LG: If I take
THE QUEENS LG: Too much I get parents are really paranoid that because I don't like to be stoned or anything. I don't like to fill
THE QUEENS LG: Looks like I gotta kick my legs or something and it's not
THE QUEENS LG: All that so that and like my aggressive. If I get it tested.
THE QUEENS LG: It helps that
THE QUEENS LG: Are anxious
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It helps all of that stuff.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, I wish I would have found that a long time ago before the world exam. It
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah definitely understandable.
THE QUEENS LG: I was on those when I was 13 and 15 I was taking those the doctor gave him to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's young
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, I wasn't taken like a large amount, but I was taking them, you know,
THE QUEENS LG: At least once a week, so I can go to school and stuff.
THE QUEENS LG: And back then. I didn't know what was wrong with me. But now I know
THE QUEENS LG: For the Muslims. Good. Yeah, for the most part, I could talk myself through it but
THE QUEENS LG: There are those days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are those days for everybody, that's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me some things that are working for you in your recovery that you've been doing cleaning
THE QUEENS LG: Our gardening.
THE QUEENS LG: That's about it.
THE QUEENS LG: I just stayed. I just basically stay away from the people that and it's hard but moving helped a little bit that I just stay away from the people that are doing that kind of stuff.
THE QUEENS LG: You know,
THE QUEENS LG: Basically, that's what helps me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are you going to any change of friends. Yeah, just
THE QUEENS LG: Online stuff what I do. The boys are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
THE QUEENS LG: I used to. I used to have a counselor. I mean, because I went through a bunch of crap, you know, back in the day, because I was an alcoholic and I like drink every day for five years and I mean I do it.
THE QUEENS LG: And it was after my dad died that I started doing that and but I stopped that. And I was telling
THE QUEENS LG: Dr. Jamison, the other day that I did that. And I was a bartender and never touched a drop. I did. I still. I mean, I can now I can drink like a cocktail or something, you know, and stop but
THE QUEENS LG: There are those times that you know you go over three and it's parties on, you know, but I just try to stay out of this.
THE QUEENS LG: So, and I haven't had a problem with it since I stopped really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long goes out.
THE QUEENS LG: In 1996 I think
THE QUEENS LG: 96 or 95
THE QUEENS LG: But I drink and my dad died in 89 and I drank non stop for five years. I stayed drunk Morgan tonight. I mean, I went to work drunk.
THE QUEENS LG: You know,
THE QUEENS LG: nobody even knew I was drunk.
I was
THE QUEENS LG: I'm sure they could smell it, but they never said anything.
Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: I think that was probably the drug that
THE QUEENS LG: Like ran me probably you know like I lost the job over it.
THE QUEENS LG: Because eventually, you know, found out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that was a long time ago. So, so you engage in in bright heart. You go to one group, a week. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you're going to start engaging with individual therapy with me right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So let's talk about some of the things that you and I can work on together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some of the things that you would like to work on while we, you and I are working together.
THE QUEENS LG: I don't know, probably
THE QUEENS LG: I have trouble with aggression, like I get his easy
THE QUEENS LG: You know,
THE QUEENS LG: I don't know why I you know like certain things.
THE QUEENS LG: Nobody knows I'm mad. I'm just, you know, insight on that.
THE QUEENS LG: I don't know. That's about all I could think
THE QUEENS LG: I don't think that I'll ever go back to pills. Again, I don't have the
THE QUEENS LG: Oh, sure. It's in the back of my head. Sometimes that
THE QUEENS LG: I never want to go through that again.
THE QUEENS LG: The sick. The word fulfills
Every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you currently on Suboxone maintenance with us. Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: I've been on Suboxone for going on three years next month.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how is that been working for you.
THE QUEENS LG: Good. Great. Don't ever try to get off it by yourself. No, not a good idea. I ran out one time and I couldn't find a doctor to give it to me. So I thought,
THE QUEENS LG: Let's just stop taking it and and then I was staying with my niece. And while I lived in a house on her property.
THE QUEENS LG: And I didn't want to tell her you know that I was taking Suboxone because you know how people are like,
THE QUEENS LG: Oh, she's a heroin addict little boy I've never touched ever touched heroin. And I'm like, so I was afraid to tell her you know that that's why what was wrong with me. So I figured, well, I could go like five days. She went on vacation, so I know I'm gonna go five days.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah. No, that didn't work. I was so sick.
THE QUEENS LG: But so I went back on and that's when I found bright heart.
THE QUEENS LG: I got back
THE QUEENS LG: And he helped me get back on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's been working ever since.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
THE QUEENS LG: I mean, I did have another doctor that gave him to me that he was tired.
THE QUEENS LG: So I had to go. I went to the street for a while, but then film right are
THE QUEENS LG: Way better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Way better so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me walk me through a little bit of your anger.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, tell me how it how it starts, and how it gets out of control.
THE QUEENS LG: You know, like I don't fly off the handle and okay that's
THE QUEENS LG: Um, I don't know, just maybe I'm spoiled or something, I don't know, I just like I get something doesn't go my way
THE QUEENS LG: I'll break things I like to break things will and then
THE QUEENS LG: It usually buy stuff and I'll be more but
THE QUEENS LG: Just stuff like that. I really haven't had an issue since I got separated from my current husband.
THE QUEENS LG: Because he's just a lot like not coming home and stay in God and working supposedly
THE QUEENS LG: Whatever else. It's kind of funny, you learn all about them when you leave, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. You never really know somebody 100% sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, that's for sure. Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm having
Good.
THE QUEENS LG: Oh, I said, and I can't get like a straight answer. You know, like
THE QUEENS LG: He says he's gonna bring my stuff down here in a couple weeks. I can't never get an answer like when or how much of my stuff or he says he finds a trailer, but he doesn't tell me what the fray looks like.
THE QUEENS LG: He calls on his own terms, you know, and that just yeah
THE QUEENS LG: And I mean, you know, what is the trailer look like, where's the trailer at, you know, stuff like that, because it's like my life that is in limbo. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you currently in your, in your own place.
THE QUEENS LG: No I stay with my daughter and her husband and father
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. And everything has been going. Okay. Yeah. Okay, good. How long have you been there.
THE QUEENS LG: Since the end of December.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Since and that's when you and your husband split up. Yeah. No. Okay, God, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I think that it's going to be important that we identify. First off, the triggers that that cause you know your anger flare ups and really be able to develop some kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Action Plan for you to be able to recognize when it starts and being able to disassociate yourself from a situation before it gets too too much out of control. You know, because you don't want to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't want to be aggressive to people. You don't want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, throw things and break things. I mean that's aggressive behavior. And obviously if you're breaking your own things you've got to turn around and, you know, replace those those things. And so you kind of want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be able to stop doing that. And therefore, save yourself some money in the long run. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and really identify when you start getting frustrated or start getting angry. Is it based out of hurt or is it based out of fear and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
THE QUEENS LG: Probably both
THE QUEENS LG: A little bit of both. A little bit of both. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, being so and being able to identify the underlying the issues of it. You know, is it hurt, then what is exactly, you know, what is it exactly that you heard about, or if you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in sitting and fear in that moment, what exactly are you afraid of in that moment, but really being able to identify those aspects of it to help you learn how to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Identify it before it gets too much and detach yourself from the situation calm yourself down until you're able to communicate and talk about it in a manner that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's helpful rather than hurting you or hurting you know the relationship any further than, you know, that kind of communication has in the past doesn't make sense.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, yeah. Because, oh, I'll say things that I'm like, oh, God, why did I say that that was stupid.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, because it doesn't help the situation it was bad.
Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: Well, we were the other day. The other day I talked to him for about an hour. And of course, we talked about everything he wanted to be talked about. And when that was done. He wanted to go. And I'm like,
THE QUEENS LG: I got it, I got questions, you know, and I still haven't been able to get a hold of them. And it's like, oh contract me out. So, you know, I wrote this stupid letter, you know,
THE QUEENS LG: It was all pissed off and now i wish i wouldn't did it, but I still don't have any answers. You know, so how do you get over that. I mean,
THE QUEENS LG: How do you
THE QUEENS LG: Because the next time I talk to them. I'm gonna flip out. So I already know it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, and it's really saying, you know, how, how is it that I can get my needs, or my answers from him in the best possible manner that he hears
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And sometimes, you know, we have to be okay with knowing that we're not going to get them there are some personality types that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are just, you know, not forthcoming, and not able to give us what we need in that moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And being able to identify that piece. Okay, this is how this is part of his personality. This is has he always communicated that way with you. Has he been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the person that at one point in time you were able to get answers from or has he changed that part or if is, is this something that he's continually always, you know, done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because what we do is is are we, we put expectations on things. We put expectations on conversations
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We put expectations on on relationships on people and when they don't meet that expectation. That's when we get irritated. We get hurt disappointed and that's when we react to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That situation. Knowing going in that we're not going to get our needs met. And so that's how it becomes easy for us to act out in anger.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, instead of saying, Okay, I know, I know this much about this person he you know he cannot answer a straight question and you know he's never been able to do that so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I either need to accept him for that piece. And no, I'm not going to get the answers that I'm looking for, or find a way to communicate our needs and get our answers met in a way that meets his personality, which is, you know, can be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of work and sometimes it doesn't work because there are some personalities that just can't give us those things that we need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so being able to really kind of identify that whether or not he's that person that has never been able to give you the responses that he needs that you need, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is he that
THE QUEENS LG: He never
THE QUEENS LG: He never he is no he doesn't answer anything. You know, it's like he answers with a question or he answers with
THE QUEENS LG: Basically with a question. It's always like, well, if I asked him, did you go here, here, here, and he's like, well, did you go here, here, here, you know, it's, yeah. He's never given me and I would been with him for 17 years
THE QUEENS LG: And he's never answered me,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Never giving you the straight. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: straight answers. And that's kind of an evasive tactic to be able to turn the tables around on you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly. Instead of, you know, giving you the information that you're looking for. And I'm sure I just have no doubt that you have told him, you know, or repeatedly, you know, many times. Can you just answer my questions right
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah. Oh, it's just like when we split up. It's and and he even and now he even act like we're not even split up. I'm like,
THE QUEENS LG: You're the one that told me they you know you didn't want to do this. I said it when we were getting ready to, you know, when we had to move and stuff. So he's going to try to put me in this shitty trailer. And I'm like,
THE QUEENS LG: I'm not living in some $500 broken ass trailer, you know, and I mean I've already lived in several situations where I didn't have water for almost two years and
THE QUEENS LG: No electricity. And I mean, you know, and I learned how to do it. Oh, Pat, Lori on the back because she learned how to do that stuff, you know, and I did it well and then
THE QUEENS LG: So I wasn't about to go back into that situation because I did it for a long time.
THE QUEENS LG: Right. So when you know so for like the year that we stated as nice as on her property. I asked him all the time. Is this like he kind of like dropped me off there and took off, you know, went back up in the mountains and worked up wherever he's working he's working on a week.
THE QUEENS LG: And I'm like, you know, if you want to go up there and stay up there for four weeks or what however long you know, just let me know what you're doing.
THE QUEENS LG: Oh no, that's not what I'm doing. I'm just doing it long enough to make money to get a truck. Well, he gets a truck.
THE QUEENS LG: And then, you know, he's still doesn't come back home and and I'm like, you know, I feel stupid living it as nice as house because it's not my family, you know,
THE QUEENS LG: And we didn't really get along in the first place. And so anyways me. And as these become good friends. And then, you know, she's putting little bugs in my ear. And so I'm asking them questions all the time like
THE QUEENS LG: Well, is it, you know, do you just want to separate. I mean, you know, it might be better if we aren't even together because you're never here, you know, well, is that what you want.
THE QUEENS LG: You know, I'm asking you, you know, don't, don't read counter with a question or whatever. That's called don't come back at me with a question if
THE QUEENS LG: If I wanted to leave. I would have said, hey, I want to leave. Is that what you want. You know, that's what I would have said.
THE QUEENS LG: But oh man, so like two days before I get to where I'm at now i i'm asking them all the way up until then for months, you know, is this what you want and then
THE QUEENS LG: He's like woman, he had to take one of my dogs to the pound. And he's like, So what are you going to do, dude. I'm waiting for you to buy me this.
THE QUEENS LG: Trailer that I found that was really nice and supposedly it wasn't in his eyes. But anyways, I said, so what are we going to do, you know, once I get down to the Bay Area. I mean, it's not like are you gonna, we're going to be together. What, no, I don't think so.
THE QUEENS LG: Don't tell me this eight months ago when I started asking you, you know, wait until the day before I leave, which I thought was crap.
THE QUEENS LG: And so now, and that's where it's been left. It's like, boom, that's where I'm left
THE QUEENS LG: He's got my stuff in storage. It's under his name only. It's not under my name, so I can't even pay it. I can't go get it. You know, so yeah I'm left in limbo that pisses me off. And I'm just like, I don't like that somebody else will the cards for me, you know,
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, I gotta be in control of that. So yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: And he doesn't get it. Well, don't worry about it. Don't let stuff go well he's up was already. Last time I talked to him. He was two weeks later and the the
THE QUEENS LG: Bill to the storage and I can't get the lady won't let
THE QUEENS LG: Whoever doesn't want accept money. I don't know, but
You know, it's like PayPal.
THE QUEENS LG: And I can't get my name, put on it, unless I go down there in person with him. He can't even give me a time to do that, you know, it's like, I don't get nothing out of them.
THE QUEENS LG: He was supposed to send me money. He doesn't send me money. Oh, I'll send you money in a couple days. I haven't heard from in a couple weeks maybe
So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's totally. I understand that frustration, big time, especially when he's holding all the cards for all of your stuff, you know,
THE QUEENS LG: And so how I mean how do you approach like the next time I talked to him. It's going to be like, why am I talking about
THE QUEENS LG: You know what I'm going to freak out because I don't like being left like that, you know, and this I promise I'll call you right back, you know, and I knew he wasn't going to call back
THE QUEENS LG: So I wasn't really mad at the fact that he didn't call back. I was mad at the fact I still haven't got an answer. And he's supposedly bringing my stuff down here in two weeks, but who knows, I don't know, I'm not going to go look for a storage. If I don't know.
THE QUEENS LG: You know, I'm not gonna waste my time.
THE QUEENS LG: So, and he'll be the type that just pops up over here. And he's like, no, here's the stuff. Deal with it, you know. No, I can't do that either.
THE QUEENS LG: So yeah, you're
THE QUEENS LG: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're definitely stuck and are your plans to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get a divorce or
Are your plans minor
THE QUEENS LG: Minor. Well, I don't see any sense of being with them. I mean, not with his actions, you know, I mean, I don't even care what he's got going on. I don't, you know, but I just 17 years of this, what I'm going through now you know I'm just I can't take it anymore. I don't, I don't want to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's a long time to be in
THE QUEENS LG: Right, and then to just, you know,
THE QUEENS LG: Basically just like oh well doing to me. He's I'm in the same position. I was 17 years ago.
THE QUEENS LG: What am I doing, I don't know. He holds all the key you know all the cards since I've met him I haven't been able to work.
THE QUEENS LG: Well, not because of him, it's not his fault, but my health and stuff too. So I went on SSI and that doesn't pay me anything not compared to what I'm used to.
THE QUEENS LG: And so I can't really go out and rent my own place. Oh my god, the rent here is insane. But, you know, so I'm just basically stuck.
THE QUEENS LG: You know, without his money or contribution which I really wasn't getting anyway because he's not the type to I never even knew how much money he made so 17 years of Laura's never know what his paycheck.
THE QUEENS LG: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: I've had enough. So yeah, divorced. Dad, that's what I want, I don't care with you.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. Um, and so are you going to wait for the two weeks for him, or is there any way that you can get a ride to your storage and tell him to meet you at this date, and this time.
THE QUEENS LG: I don't trust that He'll show up and I'm 12 hours away from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, so if I went there, you know, and even if I did go there. I probably get stuck in a hotel for a few days, you know, and spend all the money that I do have and
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, no, I don't trust him as that even for that.
THE QUEENS LG: You know,
THE QUEENS LG: He better not lose my stuff in storage.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I haven't very good things here.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, I only brought like six changes of clothes and because he says one thing and then does another so I didn't really believe anything that he said that since you kind of stranded, you know,
THE QUEENS LG: Yes, I should have brought all my stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, yeah, that was kind of hard to trust you know what i mean it's kind of hard to make any plans or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rely on him or anything. I mean, that's a tough situation to be in. For 17 years you know
THE QUEENS LG: And I mean he I know he was cheating on me. He had a girlfriend for quite some time. I don't know exactly how long he says, know that he didn't. But yeah, he did and
THE QUEENS LG: So I don't even know if he had what how his life. I mean, it was like Louie his homework. Lori and that's his life right then, you know, where's Louie. Now, who knows.
THE QUEENS LG: He says that his mom's I call us, Mom. She says it's not there. So I don't even go looking for. Yeah, I haven't done that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. So once you get your stuff. And once you get your stuff and you start this whole process. What, what plans do you have for you.
THE QUEENS LG: That will I what I want is to get a trailer and have my own place. That's what I want. Where I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's
THE QUEENS LG: That's as far as I've gotten because I don't know you know without his contribution. I have no clue.
THE QUEENS LG: What I'm doing and I don't even know if he's going to contribute to part of that he says he is that
THE QUEENS LG: Can you trust him. No, I get that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it sounds to me like that's been a big issue for 17 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trust.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And without trust you know there's not a whole lot of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To build off of, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so
THE QUEENS LG: The one on there that one.
THE QUEENS LG: Left one that wore my clothes to this one.
THE QUEENS LG: Which one was better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't have that answer.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wait, if you think about it. I mean, are you able to go back to work, or you, does your help permitted know
THE QUEENS LG: I know I have fibromyalgia and arthritis and no it's because I never know when I'm not going to feel good, you know, and who's gonna hire, stuff like that.
THE QUEENS LG: Plus I'm 60 I'll be 60
THE QUEENS LG: Ready to retire anyway.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about. And so he's not he you can't rely on him giving you encounter any kind of alimony support or
THE QUEENS LG: It when we go to court. I'm asking for it and he's gonna have to give it to me. He makes a lot of money. I mean, he's this one that he never suffers for anything. He's always done
THE QUEENS LG: I think he gambled I know the rest of the people in this family.
THE QUEENS LG: And there's a casino every 15 minutes driving down the highway over by you.
THE QUEENS LG: So I don't know where you are, but
THE QUEENS LG: Are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm in Sacramento.
THE QUEENS LG: Oh, that's where I haven't been mantega
THE QUEENS LG: Okay, yeah, he said.
THE QUEENS LG: You're right. He's in your Rico, right, he's right above Blue Lake
THE QUEENS LG: Where the casinos already
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, and driving the Crescent City where we used to live. He was there's like four casinos.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're froze again.
THE QUEENS LG: Oh, you didn't hear so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Froze
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
THE QUEENS LG: I was just saying that he makes a heck a good many but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What does he do
THE QUEENS LG: It he works on a week GROW UP AND HUMBLED up up in the mountains and humble. He works with or works on the farm. It's the big, it's a 1600 acre farm.
THE QUEENS LG: And it's all you know now it's all legal stuff like that, that's when he started with
THE QUEENS LG: I don't know what he does there now but he's like construction fences redo the greenhouses and stuff.
THE QUEENS LG: But from what he's saying. Now, I mean he come to the last time he came home, he smelled like God. He was so much weed. I don't like marijuana except for those companies that I did.
THE QUEENS LG: It was horrible. I was like, what do you do clipping. And he said, yeah, he's flipping and helping them dry and grow and doing everything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
THE QUEENS LG: So that yeah he makes good money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it sounds like that you're going to be building a life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, my hope is that you get some kind of financial support from him. When you start going through the process. You know, for divorce and I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know the California laws as far as the worst go but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In Oregon where I came from, you know,
THE QUEENS LG: Oh, I used to live.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What part of Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Brookings Brookings. Yep.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lived up on the coast.
THE QUEENS LG: To coast in seaside
Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: I know that is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, very beautiful.
THE QUEENS LG: Places Brookings is just right on the California border.
THE QUEENS LG: Okay, got harbor is around gold beach. Yeah.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what brought you to California.
THE QUEENS LG: Well, I was born in Modesto, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you kids live here.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, and I was raised in Santa Cruz. So I'm a coastal kind of gal. I don't. I hate this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
THE QUEENS LG: Hate this waterfall and oh yeah it's
THE QUEENS LG: Not falling like that standard
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm on you for your day to day routines. Tell me walk me through a day, a good day for you.
THE QUEENS LG: Every day is pretty good right now, but I just get up and have a cup of tea and smoke a cigarette and clean house and then do and then I are like right now I'm getting ready to work with clay, but
THE QUEENS LG: Make it like little
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's so good. That's so soothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I mean, art is definitely a good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: expressive way to work through anxiety work the stress work through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hurts and pains and traumas, definitely. It's a good therapeutic
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: tool to be able to use
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah. Oh, it wasn't student last night, I didn't play
THE QUEENS LG: I'm making these I'll show you what I make.
THE QUEENS LG: I made. What are these
THE QUEENS LG: Can you see it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, now I can let me see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, they're like little Chibi dolls are called
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
THE QUEENS LG: I made when I made an Elsa one and marijuana and anyways, I have a granddaughter that autistic and she's into Curious George
THE QUEENS LG: So I'm working on that right now. Last night was like
THE QUEENS LG: Whoa, and shit.
THE QUEENS LG: Like now. Why isn't this working
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You gotta just put it down and start again.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah I smoked a couple cigarettes came back in the house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of breathe. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay. So when we meet. Is this a good time for you to meet weekly
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
THE QUEENS LG: Not to know I'm not a
THE QUEENS LG: Morning person at all.
So, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's totally okay we can meet at one o'clock on Thursdays weekly and start you know really building up some coping skills for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anger triggers so that we can get you to utilize other skills, instead of throwing things, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That will definitely help and, you know, be able to communicate in a manner that you hopefully can be heard by most people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But there are there are those personality types like what you were talking about with your husband that, you know, no matter what you just cannot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get the response that read right yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, while you're going through your divorce and stuff. And while you're going through this whole process and we'll just kind of process it through and work together on it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the meantime, gain some some coping skills for the whole situation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that sound like a plan.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, that sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm gonna put
THE QUEENS LG: One o'clock on every Thursday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, just make it, put it into your weekly schedule and we'll just do it on a regular basis for a while, and we'll reevaluate it in in 30 days, see how things are going and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know if you think that things are are progressing well then we will, we can expand it out after battle for every two weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But let's just start with the baseline, get to know each other and start building on the basics for you to be able to have those skills. Okay.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we know we're going to be working on anchor skills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you spell your name.
THE QUEENS LG: Hello are I see a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see. Okay. Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: Now that
Laura.
THE QUEENS LG: Risa
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Larissa see everybody wants to put I see that K in there, huh.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, my dad. My dad had a dream. And that's my name.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's a beautiful name it's, you know, different. What's your middle name.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, see, I think it's a beautiful name so he your name came out of a dream.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, he took all this is good. He took my brother who's two years older than me to see Bambi when he was little.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, and my mom was do like anytime with me. And so when he went home, he went to sleep had a dream that Bambi got married and they had a baby. And the baby was Larissa and and so he woke up in the middle of the night wrote it down on a piece of paper and founded a couple days later.
THE QUEENS LG: He's all this is what we're naming the baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love it. I'm
THE QUEENS LG: Just got a cool story.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. Um, I like the name anyway. Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: One of his
THE QUEENS LG: Friends named they're the same.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The same as your name.
THE QUEENS LG: Some brandy is I guess people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, because it's so unique.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like somebody hears a unique name like you know the name Nevada is like all
THE QUEENS LG: my granddaughter's name.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's my granddaughter's name, too.
THE QUEENS LG: Oh really,
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, baby. And I love
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya. Yeah, it's a beautiful, beautiful name. I love the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The concept behind it to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Heaven. Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: I'm putting yeah we named one of my friends.
THE QUEENS LG: Some aaj That's James backwards.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't know really
THE QUEENS LG: Thank God it was a boy, because his name was going to be equal. If we could not find a name for if it was a girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny. Okay, so I've got you in my schedule for us to start working on different coping skills starting next Thursday at one o'clock. If something comes up. Just call and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We will reschedule and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And go from there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do, am I supposed to do, are you okay on your medication right now until you see Dr. Jamison again.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, I have. I have a lot left but um yeah I was gonna call it do group yesterday, but my phone only has service because I it was $60, you know, just to get it so that I can take the phone everywhere. And since I don't go anywhere. I thought, oh, let's take it off that
THE QUEENS LG: Now I have to use the internet to use the phone. So I didn't even take it with me.
THE QUEENS LG: That's why I didn't go to group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay, um,
THE QUEENS LG: So you want to try to make sure that it that if you're not able to attend that you call in and let them know so that they can mark you as rescheduled okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, just not a no show because then that turns out to look like that, you're a non compliance and reality. You know, there's an actual issue. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you want to make sure that you say stay on top of that, so that there's no disruption in your services or your medication or anything. Okay. Definitely. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So okay, so I'm going to let you go, and I will see you next week. And we will start working on coping skills and go from there. Okay.
THE QUEENS LG: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, Laurie. I'll talk to you then.
THE QUEENS LG: All right. Bye bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.